2165 plugin validation (#2378)
openmsupply/open-msupply: server/service/src/plugin/plugin_validation.md

This is done by verifying the certificate against a list of trusted certificates which are stored in the `app_data/plugin_certs` directory.
If the plugin certificate is trusted, it is then validated that the `manifest.json` file matches the `manifest.signature`.
The `manifest.json` file is then used to only server plugin files that are listed in the manifest.

# Generating Keys

There are two types of public validation certificates.

1. Self-singed certificates: These self-signed certificates need to be copied to the `app_data/plugin_certs`
2. Certificates that are signed by a trusted party: These certificated must be signed by a certificate already in the `app_data/plugin_certs` server directory

## Self-signed Certificates

A self-signed certificate can, for example, be generated using:

```bash
openssl req -x509 -newkey rsa:2048 -keyout private.pem -out public.pem -nodes
```

In this example, the `public.pem` file needs to be copied to the `app_data/plugin_certs` server directory.

## Certificates that are signed by a trusted party

> A 3rd party plugin developer can generate their own keypair and then let sign their certificate by mSupply:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A 3rd party plugin developer can generate their own private key & signing request and then let mSupply generate a public key. The public key is then added to the list of valid decryption keys:
```

Author: Thanks, giving some more details now and changed it to:
```
A 3rd party plugin developer can generate their own private key & signing request and then let mSupply generate a public certificate.
This 3rd party certificate can be used to sign the 3rd party plugin but doesn't need to be added to the remote server.
However, the remote server needs to have the mSupply certificate installed (the one used to sign the 3rd party certificate).
I.e., the mSupply "root" certificate is used to validates the 3rd party certificate shipped with the plugin which in turn is used to validate that the plugin hasn't been modified.

```

1. A private singing key and public certificate signing request (CSR) needs to be generated:

```bash
openssl req -newkey rsa:2048 -keyout private_3rd.pem -out public_3rd.csr -nodes
```

The signing request (e.g. `public_3rd.csr`) needs to be sent to mSupply.

2. mSupply signs the request using their own key-pair like:

```bash
openssl x509 -req -in public_3rd.csr -CA public.pem -CAkey private.pem -out public_3rd.pem -sha256
```

The `public_3rd.pem` file is sent back to the 3rd plugin developer.

> 3. The 3rd developer can now sign their plugin using `private_3rd.pem`and`public_3rd.pem`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. The 3rd developer can now sign their plugin using `private_3rd.pem` and `public_3rd.pem`.
```

# Plugin Signing

The CLI interface can then be used sign a plugin.
This will place the `manifest.json` and the `manifest.signature` file into the plugin directory.
For example:

```bash

> cargo run --profile fast --bin remote_server_cli -- sign-plugin -p ./app_data/plugins/StockDonor/ -k pathtokeys/private.pem -c pathtokeyskey/public.pem

Author: Sorry this is in my local config, I removed it...
